Extension logging (#853)
paritytech/substrate-connect: projects/extension/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

> ## Added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
```

> - Add extension logging strategy (#429](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/issues/429))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new tab showing the logs of the underlying client (#429](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/issues/429))
```

"Add extension logging strategy" doesn't mean anything from the point of view of a user
